Sure, interesting.
Then bet some money
I have 5 million here
Bet with you
What about your bet?
The night pedestrian bet is with me
How much are you?
5 million coincidence
This is also 5 million
Mr. Ye, although I know you have little chance of winning
But I'm willing to run with you
Boss Yang, don't worry.
The final winner of this quiz
Only me
It's a joke that you picked this imitation.
Ben Shao
Pick one at random is better than yours
The flight attendant is
Which one should I pick?
Monk, let's pick this one
Longquan celadon in the early Northern Song Dynasty
Worth at least 5 million
That's it. Okay.
Buy less of this one.
Ask for money
Leave the words and evaluation to the host.
As judged by the Council of Antiques
Which Yan has the highest market value?
Ok then please
That's so great!
Two buyers have already made a deal.
So let's take a look at these two pieces.
How much is it worth?
The first is this blue and white pavilion
According to the contest antique records
This is rare Longquan celadon
After Zhou to the body of the early years of the Northern Song Dynasty
Conservative minimum valuation 5 million
Boy, let's see how you win this time
I shut up
Listen to this next landscape painting
He is a swallow